lliki.py
--------

Automatic work assignment and submission script for clLucas (and
CUDALucas).

Similarly to mfloop.py, this script aims to submit completed work,
found in result.txt, to Primenet, and fetch new work into
worktodo.txt. One essential difference, though, is that clLucas takes
the work as a command line parameter, rather than reading the file. So
this script also parses the assignment and outputs the necessary
parameter. The output is given as a shell variable assignment for easy
scripting, e.g. MERSENNE=110503 for the prime exponent 110503.

Therefore, this script is not a background daemon, and for continuous
operation it makes sense to run a loop like this:

while true; do
    eval $(lliki.py -u user -p pass -n 2)
    ./clLucas -aggressive -d $DEVICE -f $FFT -threads $THREADS $MERSENNE
done

While clLucas only takes one exponent at a time, this script allows
you to cache more assignments in worktodo.txt, using the -n
option, so it can provide more work even during network outages.

Naturally, since clLucas does not touch worktodo.txt, this script
clears assignments from the file, once completed.

By default, lliki.py fetches double-checking work, but you can also
select first-time LL work with -T 100 or 102. The reason for the
default choice is mainly because clLucas is rather experimental.

GPU72.com is currently not supported, since LL testing is only given
to select individuals. It would be trivial to add, since the
functionality is already in mfloop.py.


More on clLucas
---------------

http://www.mersenneforum.org/showthread.php?t=18297


Plans/todo
----------

* Background operation, a little like in mfloop.py. This is not
  actually that important, because one LL test takes a few days, so
  waiting a few seconds each time is not that bad. Also, the time for
  each test is rather fixed -- it cannot finish early like trial
  factoring. Furthermore, there are potential file locking
  issues. Nevertheless, there is a workaround of sorts in cllucas.sh.


About the name
--------------

"iki" is a Finnish prefix roughly meaning "eternal" or something that
keeps going forever. It also has nice connotations in Japanese.
